Sunan, how dare you run away from marriage in public?
You are really capable
Before the marriage is over
You hurry back with mom
Don't hurt Fujian's face
Mom, I will not marry Fu Chen
Nan Nan
What can you do as a girl if you don't marry?
Mom did all this for your own good
Why don't you understand?
I understand, how do you want me to understand?
Have you ever asked if this is what I want?
I married someone I didn't love
Will I be happy with you?
I kind of know why you blocked me from running away from marriage today
Is it because of this little white face?
He was the one who cowardly ran away from your marriage, right?
I'm cowardly
He ran away from marriage
Auntie, you are his biological mother
You have to kill him to be interested
What are you?
I was talking to my daughter.
Where is it your turn to interject? Enough
Mom
You have known my character since I was a child
No one can change what I decide
This has nothing to do with couples today
What do you have I come for me
Nan Nan
You would never talk to me like that
Mom
You wouldn't do that to me before.
Why don't you understand?
Daughter is big
I can't listen to the persuasion
Never mind.
I don't care.
Go and explain it to the rich family yourself